Build a version of your HitTastic! AJAX site using React. **Please note that a React application needs to be run with a server of some kind, such as your Express server.** To do this:

1. In your `public` folder, create a web page which links in the appropriate React and Babel libraries, and contains a single root <div>. Your React components should be rendered to this <div>.
2. Now start working on your React code, within a JavaScript file also in the `public` folder. Initially, create a single component with a search box for the artist, a button, and a results <div>
3. Next, connect the button to an event handler function within the component. The event handler should initially display an alert box with a message of "You entered the artist " plus the artist name.
4. Once you've got this working, create a ***state*** variable to represent search results returned from the server, together with a function to update the state variable.
5. Now write a function ***inside your component function*** to perform an AJAX request to your Session 1 web API (the search by artist route) and update the results <div> to contain the ***raw JSON*** from the server. You should display title, artist, year and quantity. **Store the array of objects returned from the web API in the state variable you created in the previous step, and set the contents of the results <div> to this state variable, converted to a string using `JSON.stringify()`.**
6. Next, try displaying the search results in a user-readable form, rather than JSON.
    - ***Hint***: you will need to convert your array of objects to JSX in your component and return it, as shown in the shopping cart example above.
7. Once you've completed this, try using ***a parent component and two sub-components*** (see the "lifting state up" section above), one containing the text field and button, and another containing the results <div>. By storing the data returned from the AJAX in the parent component's ***state***, update the search <div> every time the button is clicked.
8. **Requires further research:** Try using `create-react-app` for your application. See the documentation there. You might also find this information on [JavaScript modules](https://nwcourses.github.io/COM620/week4.html) useful.